After installing MySQL Workbench, the first screen that pulls up is this
MySQL Connections page. I'm going to click the plus sign. And inside of
here, it's almost already set up for me.
I'm going to give it a name and just call it
conference. And it has a username of root.
It's telling me it's going to store it in the keychain. And I can
choose the default schema of conference as well,
although it's not created yet, and I'll click OK. Then once I click on it,
it will ask me to enter the password, and if you feel remember, we
put the password as pass in our docker‑compose file and choose to
save that password since this is on my local machine and click OK.
We're actually in the schema, connected to our Docker image that's running.
If I click on Tables,
there's nothing there, and so there's nothing to be expanded and viewed upon yet. But that's what we're about to change.